Create consistency in wording in v2 tests (#3559)
OWASP/mastg: tests-beta/android/MASVS-STORAGE/MASTG-TEST-0201.md

## Steps

1. Use @MASTG-TECH-0005 to install the app.
2. Use @MASTG-TECH-0043 to hook the relevant API calls.

## Observation

The output should contain a list of files that the app wrote to the external storage during execution and the APIs used to write them including function names and backtraces.

## Evaluation

The test case fails if the files found above are not encrypted and leak sensitive data.

**Further Validation Required:**

Inspect the content of each reported file to determine whether the data is sensitive:

- Determine whether the file contains sensitive information (e.g., personal data, credentials, or tokens).
- Determine whether the data is stored without encryption.

> Use @MASTG-TECH-0023 to inspect the code locations from the backtraces if you want to determine the exact code paths that lead to the file creation and whether they are security-relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use @MASTG-TECH-0023 to inspect the code locations from the backtraces if you want to determine the exact code paths that lead to the file creation and whether they are security-relevant.

```

## Steps

> 1. Use @MASTG-TECH-0033 to log all file interactions by hooking into the relevant APIs such as `getExternalStorageDirectory`, `getExternalStoragePublicDirectory`, `getExternalFilesDir` or `FileOutPutStream`. You could also use `open` as a catch-all for file interactions. However, this won't catch all file interactions, such as those that use the `MediaStore` API and should be done with additional filtering as it can generate a lot of noise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Android apps use a variety of APIs to access the external storage (@MASTG-KNOW-0042). Collecting a comprehensive list of these APIs can be challenging, especially if an app uses a third-party framework, loads code at runtime, or includes native code.

The most effective approach to testing applications that write to device storage is usually dynamic analysis, and specifically method tracing (@MASTG-TECH-0033). You can use it to hook into the relevant APIs such as `getExternalStorageDirectory`, `getExternalStoragePublicDirectory`, `getExternalFilesDir` or `FileOutPutStream`. You could also use `open` as a catch-all for file interactions. However, this won't catch all file interactions, such as those that use the `MediaStore` API and should be done with additional filtering as it can generate a lot of noise.

## Steps

1. Use @MASTG-TECH-0033 to log all file interactions.
```
